Organize, what did Anna and I just talk about, what do I think are my next steps? So reviewing notes in changes that she made to the default Chad, CN, she made smaller fonts because their defaults were pretty big. She added some new heading styles. She points out that their action green is way too dark green. In the assessment card, she noted the Read mode is the white card background, and there's a notion of an edit mode that has the muted Gray, Sandy background, we clarified the hierarchy of objects that plants are The highest. Plants contain components, and components relate to targets, but are not contained within a note for myself, she's used the pin icon in a handful of places. We're going to switch that to a star. In one of the chart List Views, there's a list of artifacts that are made as Link Text. Those should actually be chips set up closer to so I'll need to introduce the concept of a chip content, rather than a badge. Those should be chipped content so that they're clearly clickable and take into account truncation. One of the things that I need to make is an icon system for differentiating the different objects The I is the plants, strategies, targets and compounds. Of each of those compounds is the only type that has multiple subtypes. There's a known that's currently an orange circle, a combination which was the two overlapping green circles, and the predictive, which looks a little bit like an atom. Those are the current component types. Okay, so what we discussed, and nav is still very fuzzy. They haven't really clarified the modes of use for the product yet. It's much more of a prototype. So where that leads me, and what I think are next steps the main section of the product is the, I guess, what we're calling project. View the active project and the things that I'm seeing. There's a left tray component that has the chat wizard between hummingbird and the user, the threaded chat, and on the right side is a panel with cards and actions. One thing that I'm seeing is that the header bar only goes halfway across, and it should go the whole way, so that when you're in mo in a particular mode, that mode and the breadcrumbs and any actions or navigations are reflected All the way across. So that's a page architecture issue. Those are the three components that I should start with, the a block out, very simplification of the nav, the chat thread tray and the right card panel. Um, if those are all going right, then I can move to the project overview screen, which is a description card at the top and a table at the bottom. The strategies cards, needs a new component with clearer visualization on the red, orange, green, orange, red. Signal stoplight. Signal lights. I'm think I see it all. So that and what we were calling the by the browser mode. Anna was saying, giving people a starting point to help them understand, to orient them to the project, to understand what's there, what can they search? What can't they search? Why she was calling it a browsing mode. I think that's really smart. I think we need some plan for the homepage that annotates that this is a product still in beta, not available for GA and gives people a quick introduction to what they're about to do, so to be determined yet on exactly what content should be or what that is, but that's the biological library that she showed was her version of that, of what data is actually there and available. Okay, now let's turn that into a summary and tasks. 

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
